0.  pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an ENglish word that refers to lung disease otherwise known as silicosis. 
    It is the longest word in the english language.
1.  getrusage calculates the resource usage of a variable 'who' (user defined) and returns this data to the second argument
    which is a pointer to a struct defined by the user. The members of this struct contain the information about usage
    of 'who'.
2.  There are 16 members in the struct rusage variable type. 
3.  We pass before and after by reference because these variables have already been stored in the stack. If we passed them
    by value, there will be additional processing time to copy the variables, thus passing by reference saves some processing
    time. 
4.  Main first ensures that a pointer to a file was provided as a command line argument and attempts to open the file. After
    main is able to open the file (there is sufficient memory), main assigns a pointer fp to the index of the first character
    in the file and executes the for loop.
    
    The for loop reads the first character pointed to by fp (pointer to file stream) and checks to ensure that character is not 
    the special character EOF which signifies it is the end of the file; if it isn't, that character is stored in a temporary buffer character c.
    If c is an alphabetical character or c is an apostrophe that doesn't begin at the start of a word, append that character to 
    the 'word' character array used to store the word we are currently reading. For each character read, increment our index
    integer. The index which tests to ensure we are not reading strings that cannot be words (i.e. that exceed 45 characters).
    
    Before moving onto the next character, perform a test to ensure the index doesnt exceed 45 characters or an english
    word is not being read. If this is the case, keep moving the pointer fp until end of file while characters are still
    being read. Assign the index to 0 to get ready to read a new word (and test to ensure it is indeed < 45 characters).
    
    If the for loop doesn't pass test on line 79 (i.e. the character pointed to by fp is in fact a digit) read through
    the rest of the next set of digits until the end of the file and prepare to read a new word once it is reached.
    
    Otherwise if the index is greater than 0 and less than the maximum length of 45, it means a whole word must have been read
    by the file stream pointer fp. If this is the case, signify it is the end of the word with the special \0 character, update
    the total amount of words being read, spellcheck the word and calculate how long it took the spellcheck it. Add the total
    time spent checking to total run time of the program, print the misspelled word to console, and add 1 to the tracker
    of misspelled words if it was misspelled. 
    
     
5.  WE need to filter out words that exceed our maximum length otherwise a word that exceeds LENGTH might be read into
    our buffer that will potentially exceed the maximum storage of the buffer, causing buffer overflow in the stack (potentially overwriting
    important information). Additionally, fscanf might consider certain punctuation as part of a word and we want to exclude
    such as periods or brackets at the end of a word to properly perform our spell check.
     
6.  As check and load take pointers as arguments, they point directly at what is stored at the address specified by the arguments.
    The data stored here can potentially be altered by the body of the function. The const here ensures the information
    in the argument pointers is only used to read the information stored by the pointer as that is all that is needed
    by these functions.
    
7.  TODO
8.  TODO
9.  TODO
10. TODO
